README.md, before:

# TheRules

Website front-end for www.therules.org

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.0.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive/pipe/service/class/module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

For building to test on gh-pages, use the command `ng build --base-href /the-rules-org/dist/` to change the base href path for support :D

note: don't forget the extra / in front of the base HREF, making it an absolute path!

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

had to update angular CLI, and readme :+1:

README.md, after:

# TheRules

Website front-end for www.therules.org

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.0.0.

## Install the Angular CLI and Node Packages

First thing's first--
If you don't already have it, install the Angular CLI by running `sudo npm install -g @angular/cli@latest`

Install the node package by running `sudo npm install`


## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive/pipe/service/class/module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

For building to test on gh-pages, use the command `ng build --base-href /the-rules-org/dist/` to change the base href path for support :D

note: don't forget the extra / in front of the base HREF, making it an absolute path!

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
